Fixed #35521 -- Allowed overriding BoundField class on fields, forms and renderer. (#19043)
django/django: docs/ref/forms/fields.txt

``label``, ``initial``, ``widget``, ``help_text``).

You can also customize how a field will be accessed by overriding
:attr:`~django.forms.Field.bound_field_class` or override
:meth:`.Field.get_bound_field()` if you need more flexibility when creating
the ``BoundField``:

.. method:: Field.get_bound_field(form, field_name)

    Takes an instance of :class:`~django.forms.Form` and the name of the field.
    The return value will be used when accessing the field in a template. Most
    likely it will be an instance of a subclass of

>     :class:`.BoundField`.

Reviewer: minor: Doesn't it have to be a subclass of a `BoundField`, or something that implements the same interface as it? I'm not sure we want to allude to duck typing.

Reviewer 2: Does "most likely" not cover it? 🤔

Reviewer: That's the phase I'm referring to when I say alluding to duck typing. If a person is familiar with it, they'll know they don't need to return a subclass of `BoundField`. If they aren't, they may wonder when wouldn't it return a subclass of `BoundField` and be confused when they can't find the reason why in the code.

Author: I added a suggestion:

```
    Takes an instance of :class:`~django.forms.Form` and the name of the field.
    The returned :class:`.BoundField` instance will be used when accessing the field 
    in a template.
```

Reviewer: I'm good with either. I prefer the trimmed version, but that's my opinion.

>     Takes an instance of :class:`~django.forms.Form` and the name of the field.
>     The return value will be used when accessing the field in a template. Most
>     likely it will be an instance of a subclass of
>     :class:`.BoundField`.

Author: ```suggestion
    Takes an instance of :class:`~django.forms.Form` and the name of the field.
    The returned :class:`.BoundField` instance will be used when accessing the field 
    in a template.
```
